in this video we will attempt to single-handedly
avoid a future parasite invasion threatening
mankind we will follow a Japanese high schooler
whose hand is hijacked by an alien parasite
we will analyze all the stupid mistakes he
makes and figure out what we would do instead
and ultimately beat the parasites in parasyte
our main character is having a great night's
sleep while soft harmonious Japanese punk rock
is blasting through his earphones in the next
scene we can see a transparent shrimp-like thing
throwing itself from the ceiling imitating James
Bond the little guy tries to enter Shinichi's body
through the nose but Shinichi wakes up, pulls
the thing out and throws it into the corner
Now this situation kind of reminds me of those
jungle stories where people end up having spiders
in their ears everyone thinks it would never
happen to them until you're examining doctors
screams backs up and tells you to get the f- outta
his practice while you start having a full-blown
panic attack not something i'm keen to experience
but having an alien-like thing trying to crawl up
my nose while i'm trying to sleep - that's worse
The parasites in this movie are like any other
parasites they need a host to survive that means
the best chance you have against any of them
is before they enter your body
and mess with your sensory system
they may be swift in their original
form but aren't very powerful
a quick stomp and some flying books should be
enough to save you from becoming a parasite hotel
but this parasite seems to be very determined
plus can enter your body anywhere through
your skin - sort of like this tech shrimp in the
matrix series that entered Neo through his navel
While it attempts to make his way up
Shinichi's arm to gain control over his brain
Shinichi unleashes his otaku powers - he grabs
a piece of cord in a split second, wraps it
around his arm and blocks the parasite from moving
upwards I mean those reflexes were insane the next
thing i would have done would be to grab the next
sharpest thing around me and cut my arm open as if
i were attempting to get the key jigsaw has hid in
there but his mother interrupts and well does what
the mother does - calm him down while she refuses
to listen to her son who is trying to explain
that a snake has entered his arm through his palm
- to be honest if i were his mother i would have
called the ambulance and looked for the pipe
while inspecting the color of my son's eyes
but let's be real for a second if something like
that happens to you you're most likely on your own
nobody right in their mind would believe you but
the worst thing you can do in this situation would
be to lose faith and disregard it as an odd dream
or hallucination unless of course you're crazy and
stuff like this happens to you frequently
the best way to go therefore
would be to do some research
instead of going to school the
next day i would check out a local hospital and
insist of a blood test x-ray and a bottle of xanax
we cut to another victim of the parasites and well
he definitely needs to start wearing glasses now
in the next cut, god bless
his wife, he swallows her hole
The one interesting thing here is that the
parasite not only takes control over the
mental landscape of the infected person but
also seems to be able to freely control the
physicality of the body meaning they can
re-organize cells according to their will
and basically take on any shape and or
material that is possible with human cells
the next day Shinichi surprise surprise
realizes that his hand is acting weird
i would never touch another person
inappropriately but if i do i promise
it was a parasite living inside of me in
the next few scenes we witnessed multiple
times his hand acting completely on its own from
becoming Steph Curry to painting like Van Gogh
Shinichi is transforming rapidly now
mind you there is an actual syndrome
called alien hand syndrome it is an extremely
rare condition in which the hand of a person
starts to develop their own independent free will
and starts to act aggressively towards their owner
if you had to choose which one would you pick the
alien parasite or the alien hand syndrome at home
Shinichi is researching what is going on
with his hand but before he can make it to
the alien hand syndrome wikipedia page he
gets eyeballed from the side by his hand
Maybe it's just me but that
looked like a deep sea creature
now the good thing is the parasite has only
hijacked his arm allowing him to keep control
over the majority of his body the bad thing
is you can't get rid of it because it probably
wouldn't hesitate to prevent you aggressively from
cutting it off but let's be honest here this thing
in its normal hand form is pretty cute
cat and dogs? Nah i don't think so,
i'll stick with my parasite hand
plus it has remarkably beautiful teeth for
a Japanese speaking entity the newly formed team
decides to call the right hand Migi let us quickly
highlight what the circumstances are Shinichi
shares his body with an alien parasite called Migi
they can't get rid of each other without killing
themselves or injure themselves many other
parasites have currently taken over people as
well and started to kill and eat other humans it
is important to determine what those parasites
intend we have already concluded that the sole
purpose of a parasite is survival meaning if they
manage to find a host then they must inevitably
start gathering the means to prolong their lives
which means they need to eat if we consider each
of these points i think it is safe to say that the
ultimate goal of the parasites is to establish a
world where parasites rule and feed off of humans
just like the machines did in the matrix universe
How could we prevent the parasites from
becoming the new apex predator you might ask
well the quickest way would be to kill those that
are hosting parasites but that would lead to a
significant loss of human lives i could easily
see an alternate future where people are screened
before entering certain parts of cities and denied
access if a parasitic context is to be found
sort of like our global situation right now or in
a nerdier context the aliens that are prevented
to visit more noble parts of the city in the
attack on titan universe therefore it would make
sense to eradicate the parasites before
a substantial colony could come to exist
there are a few ideas that stand out but before
that let's have a look on how Migi and Shinichi
maintain their new relationship Migi is a curious
little thing and learns pretty much everything
there is about this world besides theories from
books he seems to be able to collect a lot of
hands-on knowledge by just looking at people
doing stuff indicating that he develops skills
through visual observing he is pretty fascinated
by a lot of things and it comes at no surprise
this world is his new home and Shinichi is his
first family looking at existing structures
helps us orient ourselves in a rather chaotic and
fast-paced world that makes little to almost no
sense while i sincerely appreciate Migi's
curiosity this is where i would draw the line too
ain't no parasite allowed down there
In the next scene we witness one of the key
moments in this movie that will later help
us defeat the upcoming parasite army before the
time is over Migi is able to sense other parasites
allowing him to actively search for them the
first encounter doesn't look all promising but we
can see that Migi is very capable of attacking and
defending our main character however the one thing
we learn here is that normal humans have zero
chance against any parasite in a one-on-one combat
the only way for mortals to efficiently defeat
parasites would be through long-range combat but
generally it is not possible to kill the parasite
without killing the human host the only way to
achieve something like this would be to invent
the vaccine that would target only the parasitic
cells in a human body perhaps somebody should
call Pfizer at this moment the biggest asset
humanity has therefore are people like Shinichi
through people like him humanity can benefit
from the strength of both entities especially
the ability for parasites to sense each other
is a big advantage and should be used to eradicate
all parasites before they gain more control
however you would need to breed human parasite
crossings which in itself could be a little bit
questionable and something you would probably
find in a Full Metal Alchemist episode 4 or the
darker chapters of the SCP foundation i guess
the best way to get rid of them is still with
"what do you need?" -"Guns, lots of guns"
The next day Shinichi picks up his mom from work
and they walk back home he is understandably under
stress but he is still in the position to make the
right decisions it isn't too late for that yet
but he is the main character meaning we all know
he will screw things up even though he ponders
about confessing everything to his mom he doesn't
but he should the biggest disadvantage in sensing
other parasites is that the other parasites can
sense you too this fact alone should convince
him to stay away from every person he cares about
he should tell his mom everything
including everyone else that he cares about
he should send them off to a country abroad or
at least as far away as possible within japan
the new school semester starts with an incredibly
stupid move from Shinichi Migi senses another
human eating parasite and tells Shinichi to
avoid eye contact it should be clear that if
the parasite residing in you tells you to avoid
eye contact then you should probably stop staring
down this woman like a horny preschooler Shinichi
doesn't seem to realize that whenever Migi is
sensing another parasite they are sensing him too
in this scene he actually for once had the upper
hand because he was hidden among hundreds of
other students making it impossible for the other
parasite to detect him if he had listened to Migi
they could have drawn a pretty powerful advantage
here if he made it out without being discovered
he could have concluded that the parasites are
making moves they seem to try to cover important
positions where it is easy for them to feast
and or gain positions of power for more control if
you can escape this situation without being seen
then coming back to school is no option anymore
however you could plot the strike and take
these parasites out before your schoolmates
end up as midday snacks i am normally not a
fan of government interference especially
when i'm inhabited by an alien parasite
but considering there are multiple very powerful
parasites out there that try to murder me every
single day i think the best thing Shinichi could
do at this point would be to team up with the
government and systematically start hunting down
the parasites it would probably be a challenge to
convince Migi and the government to team up but
the options are scarce and the stakes are high
the only other option would be to fight on
his own and he isn't the most heroic guy
the only downside of that plan could be that the
government will capture you and experiment on you
objection granted but you own strong powers
plus the ability to track down other parasites
therefore the government would be very interested
in using your powers but unfortunately he doesn't
seem to grasp the situation and gets involved with
the new kind of hot parasite working at his school
i mean being lectured by a teacher is annoying
but being lectured by a parasite is also next
level s**t a short while later they throw a small
parasite welcoming party at the local aquarium
we get to see two new parasite-possessed
humans and no i don't like either one of them
one is smiling awkwardly much and
the other one well he's a policeman
they try to have Migi join their
network but of course he declines
Apparently the killing and eating of the past
few days has drawn the attention of the local
authorities therefore they are looking for a
safe haven where they can eat humans in peace
say what you want against parasites but
they do have class and a rather high IQ
the alarming thing though is that they have
already started connecting with each other
creating a much bigger threat than
just parasites acting on their own
oh and also one of them is
pregnant with a human baby
talking about sick stuff
if you were in Shinichi's position
right now what would you do? Rationally speaking
you are the only one capable of saving mankind
on the other hand who cares and our character here
can't even hold a conversation with his own mother
for more than two seconds she often tries talking
to him about what's going on but he just can't
man up and come clear i mean i kind of get it
but i can't stress enough how important it is
to let your mother know because she lives in
the same household as you and is therefore a
potential target for every parasite nearby i know
Japanese kids aren't very open with their parents
but this is a life or death situation and being a
stubborn teenager will lead to a real problem here
During the following night our main character is
approached by the douchey parasite police dude
We end up in a pretty epic
yet somewhat ridiculous battle
While the parasites are busy slapping each
other Shinichi is being completely useless
however in the end Shinichi transforms into
something useful and is able to pierce his
opponent with a metal pole and thus proves his
not so unworthy worth he escaped successfully but
horror 101 he should have made sure that the
parasite is 155 dead it would have been easy
for Migi to attack one last time and batter his
brain leaving a not so quite dead parasite behind
is probably a bad idea if anyone during that
time comes for rescue it is easy for the
parasite to move over and hijack the new body
surprise surprise that is exactly what happens
it not just happens it happens in the worst way
possible in the following event Shinichi's mother
gets taken over by the parasite he failed to
kill talking about bad luck huh the two biggest
mistake he has made was not telling his mom about
everything that happened as well as not making
sure that the parasite was dead in the scene
before both could have been completely avoided
if he stopped being an idiot for a second and
thought carefully about the situation he is in
This right here is probably
the worst possible outcome
but again as mentioned before it would have been
avoidable if he thought about those around him
first instead of whining about the situation
as bad luck predicts he has to fight his mother
but fails miserably and i can't blame him for
that i would probably prefer death over that too
So his heart gets pierced and he seemingly gets
killed until he surprisingly rises from the dead
and let's be honest if you had to kill your own
mother because a parasite has hijacked your body
you would be pretty devastated and
probably pissed at the same time this
is the perfect reason to go on a bloody vendetta
even if you gave up and intend to kill yourself
after that horrific event the parasite inside of
you wouldn't let you which is kind of depressing
if you aren't able to fully decide over your own
life then what are you exactly? On the other hand
you have nothing to lose anymore your family is
gone, you're half alien and you don't have any
friends either it really doesn't matter anymore
Shinichi seems to think alike something has
changed he has seemingly overcome his tendency
to be a whiny introverted little teenager
he stopped caring what other people think and
all he cares about right now is pay back his
debts and kill the parasite that has taken over
his mom's body after his heart got pierced he
would have not survived if Migi hadn't closed
the wound with his own cells what has saved his
life came also with some changes the good things
are he has become physically stronger and faster
surpassing human abilities by a wide margin this
is a cool upgrade and i wouldn't mind if it was me
however at the same time he has also lost a
bit of his humanity his sense of compassion and
kindness has taken a hit quite significantly
to be honest and this scene for instance
this dude legit disposes a dead puppy by throwing
it into the next garbage bin that's a terrible
thing to do but doing so while being on a date
with a girl is uh is freaking savage another
big change that has emerged is that Migi now
needs four hours of sleep every single day
and once he's asleep he can't be woken up meaning
Shinichi will be entirely on his own if that
happens so facing parasites could become a little
bit more problematic meanwhile it seems like
the police investigating the recent murders are
somehow starting to conclude that parasites are
behind the chaos i have no idea how they figured
that out but Light Yagami was lucky facing L only
They figure out that in order to successfully find
out if the person in front of you is a parasite
you must rip out a hair, if it
curls itself in awkward manner
you better freaking run if it doesn't then in
my opinion you still better freaking run in
case you ripped out a hair from your girlfriend
Suffice to say it is a bad idea to test anyone
of being a parasite unless you have a plan or
a death wish the girl in the following scene
didn't think very far let me tell you this
unless you're armed have backup or possess
secret power-ups you should not rip out
other people's hair in our situation here
are 8 students and all are about to die one of
the girls reacts quite fast and throws a bottle
containing a chemical at the parasite causing
it to completely lose control a very smart move
but everything that followed wasn't really
smart so the best way to beat this hopeless
scene is to divert the parasite's attention by
throwing stuff into the other side of the room
since he stands in between them and the exit one
of the windows could be used as a temporary shield
climb out in a way so that you can hang yourself
down on the other side to avoid any direct hit
to save your spot you might have to push away
your classmates but you know it doesn't matter
if you can't escape you need to survive as long
as you can and pray someone will come in time no
matter what pretty much everyone has gotten killed
besides Shinichi's friend he comes for rescue but
out of nowhere the pregnant parasite joins throws
a self-made molotov at the crazy gone parasite
and disappears Shinichi picks up the girl and
jumps out of the window as if he were superman
this pretty cool scene all mistakes aside i'm
starting to like this new bad ass Shinichi he
walks over to a building a few hundred meters
away from school and after having a quick chat
with the pregnant parasite she passes him the
location of the parasite that killed his mom
but before he gets his epic bloody revenge though
Shinichi the boss climbs on top of the nearby
building epically transform his right hand into
a legendary bow and does the job after all of
this Shinichi finally meets up with the parasite
that has killed his mom and they for some odd
reason rendezvous under an epic looking highway
bridge seems like they care about cliches too
but if Shinichi was just aiming to get
his revenge the best and quickest way
would have been to do the job from a
distant point with his legendary bow
that way the other parasite would not have
been able to predict the attack and Shinichi
would not have needed to face his own mother in
a death battle who would want that anyways right
the main benefit of that strategy though would
have been to stay safe since Migi state can change
from one to the next second i personally
wouldn't take any chances the only thing
worse than slicing open your mom's body is being
sliced open by her while knowing that a parasite
will keep on living inside of her
Now before the fight starts
of course Migi passes out and Shinichi has
to face this heartbreaking moment on his own
however Migi was friendly enough
to leave him a handy sword
an epic fight breaks out in which
Shinichi floats like a parkour runner
and uses his sword art offline like a real hero
with the help of his mom's love that is breaking
through the consciousness of the parasite he
can strike one last time ensuring his victory